FAQ: Added command line usage instructions (#800)
files-community/Website: src/routes/docs/getting-started/faq/+page.md

Resource consumption naturally increases when opening new tabs or navigating to different locations. However, we're aware of several memory leaks that can cause usage to accumulate over extended sessions.

To mitigate this, consider disabling the option to keep Files in the background from **Settings → Advanced → Leave app running in the background when the window is closed**. Note that turning this off may result in slower launch times for Files. We're investigating these leaks and looking for a long-term solution.

> ## How to open Files from command line
> Use `files-<branch>.exe <folder path (optional)>` replacing `<branch>` with stable, preview or dev depending on what version you have installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Open Files from Command Line

To open Files from command line, run the following command: `files-<branch>.exe`, replacing `<branch>` with the version of Files you have installed:
- `stable`: Production release version
- `preview`: Beta/preview version with upcoming features
- `dev`: Development version with latest changes

You can also use the path parameter to open a folder inside of Files, for example: `files-stable.exe "C:\Users\YourName\Documents"`.
```
